# Austin Vern Songer #

## Weekly Assignment #2 ##

## Robert Morris University ##

----------

----------


----------
### R16 ###

Delay components:

**(1)**  processing delays (constant)

**(2)**  transmission delays (constant) 

**(3)**  propagation delays (constant) 

**(4)**  queuing delays (variable. 


----------
### R22 ###

**(1)**   error control 

**(2)**  flow control 

**(3)**  segmentation and reassembly 

**(4)**  multiplexing 


**(5)** connection setup. 

The task can be duplicated at different layers.



----------
### R23 ###

1. **Application layer** - The Internet’s application layer includes many protocols, such as the HTTP protocol, SMTP, and FTP.


2. **Transport layer** - The Internet’s transport layer transports application-layer messages between application endpoints. In the Internet there are two transport protocols, TCP and UDP, either of which can transport application-layer messages


3. **Network layer** - The Internet’s network layer is responsible for moving network-layer packets known as datagrams from one host to another. 


4.  **Link layer**  - The Internet’s network layer routes a datagram through a series of routers between the source and destination. To move a packet from one node to the next node in the route, the network layer relies on the services of the link layer. 


5.  **Physical layer**  - The job of the physical layer is to move the individual
bits within the frame from one node to the next. The protocols in this layer are
again link dependent and further depend on the actual transmission medium of the
link.


----------
### R24 ###

**Application-layer message:**  Data which an application wants to send and passed onto the transport layer.

**Transport-layer segment:**  Generated by the transport layer and encapsulates application-layer message with transport layer header.

**Network-layer datagram:**  Encapsulates transport-layer segment with a network-layer header.

**Link-layer frame:**  Encapsulates network-layer datagram with a link-layer header.

----------
### R25 ###

- Routers process network, link and physical layers (1-3).

- Link layer switches process link and physical layers (1-2). 

- Hosts process all five layers


----------
### R26 ###

- **Virus** - Requires some form of human interaction to spread.

- **Worms** - Worm in infected host scans IP addresses and port numbers, looking for vulnerable processes to infect.



----------
### R27 ###

- Creation of a botnet requires an attacker to find vulnerability in some application or system. 


- After finding the vulnerability, the attacker needs to scan for hosts that are vulnerable. 


- The target is basically to compromise a series of systems by exploiting that particular vulnerability.  


- Any system that is part of the botnet can automatically scan its environment and propagate by exploiting the vulnerability. 
